Move ERC721 and ERC1155 receiver checks to dedicate libraries (#4845)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/poor-chefs-cheat.md

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': minor
---

> `ERC721Utils` and `ERC1155Utils`: reusable libraries for performing the acceptance checks (safeTransfer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ERC721Utils` and `ERC1155Utils`: reusable libraries with functions to perform acceptance checks on `IERC721Receiver` and `IERC1155Receiver` implementers.
```
